---
title: "The Fairy With a Sweet Tooth"
categories: blockstack
image:
  title: the-fairy-with-a-sweet-tooth.jpg
---

Once upon a time, there was a fairy who came to a kingdom. The king liked to cook and bake but he was mean and didn't want to give any of his deserts to his people. He gave them mush to eat. The men and women ate it and didn't know about all the delicious desserts the king had. The fairy saw this and didn't like it. When she saw a knight eating his mush she gave him a recipe on how to bake cookies. The knight immediately returned to his castle to try the recipe, and the cookies tasted delicious. The knight told the other knights about the cookies, some tried them and helped the knight to bake more cookies, some were suspicious and continued to eat their mush. So, the years passed.

After seven years the fairy came back to the land of the mean king and she saw that most men and women still ate their mush and only a few enjoyed the cookies. This time she had a big golden cookbook with her and seven little caskets with twelve gummy bears in each casket. The fairy met the knight again and she gave the book and the caskets to the knight. The knight told the other knights about the gummy bears and gave each knight one of the little caskets. The gummy bears were as delicious as the cookies. And the truth was that they were magical as well. The more the cookies that were baked the better the gummy bears tasted. The knights and their friend enjoyed the gummy bears. They brought them to festivals, they created new delicious gummy figures, and some brave cooks even coated cookies with melted gummy bears.

Across the kingdom, three countesses who baked delicious cookies heard about the gummy bears and they wanted to try them as well. They offered some cookies to the knights who had gummy bears in their little caskets. The fairy saw this and she liked it. Before the knights could take a gummy bear out of their caskets the fairy gave three gummy bears to one countess and she asked the countess to write her favorite gummy bear recipe into the big golden cookbook. The countesses continued to give cookies to the knights and whenever they did the fairy gave three gummy bears to one of the countesses and the selected one could write into the golden cookbook.

More and more men and women heard about the magical gummy bears, they read in the golden cookbook and they wanted to try some of the gummy bears as well. As the gummy bears were small it was not easy to share them, but it happened that the gummy bears magically grew bigger and bigger as more and more people wanted to have them. And the big gummy bears and all the recipes in the golden cookbook were shared among the people.

The countesses also received bigger and bigger gummy bears from the fairy. Other countesses started to give cookies to the knights with the caskets as well. A competition began between them about who would give the most cookies to the knights. The fairy continued to give three big gummy bears to one of them each time, and the countesses continued to give cookies to the knights. The knights continued to care for their gummy bears in the caskets and for the big golden cookbook. Men and women in the street gave some of their gummy bears to the countesses so that the countesses wrote the men and women's favorite gummy bear recipes into the golden cookbook. Some of the people decided to give cookies to the knights as well and received gummy bears, and it did not matter whether they were countesses or not. Some of the people decided to build a casket together and put their gummy bears into it so that they had twelve of them and so that they received cookies and it did not matter whether they were knights or not. They started to forget about the mush and the king, and they all lived happily ever after.

And the moral of the story is: Not your recipe, not your dessert.
